# Trip to the Aletsch Gletscher

Over the summer break I had the privilege of spending a week on the Riederalp, a mid-mountain ski resort close by the Aletsch Glacier. Initially, I planned to do a guided tour across the glacier itself, 
however this wasn't possible due to snow conditions. In any case, I wanted to record sound and 3D scan some of the surrounding area in an effort to be as site-specific as possible, as well as just gathering material I might later find a use for. 

Using the apps *Scaniverse* and *Luma AI*, I scanned some moss from the Aletschwald (LINK, LINK), rocks at the ridge between Riederalp and Bettmeralp, looking straight down onto the glacier (LINK), some rocks outside of our chalet (LINK) and a cross (LINK) and tree (LINK) I came across at Golmenegg. As this trip was a family vacation, I prioritised spending time with my family, not wanting to hold everyone up on a hike by scanning stuff all the time. Aside from the cross, which I sought out to scan, I scanned rather spontaneously, during breaks from skiing or hiking. I sought to scan the cross since the people of the villages surrounding the Aletsch Glacier have historically been deeply Catholic, something I wanted to integrate in the experience's narrative. 

The sound recordings proved to be more challenging than expected. One thing I've learnt is one needs to test the technology for the exact circumstances one will be needing them in. It seemed that the Zoom H2next was having problems with the cold temperatures, and it would continously make cracking sounds, rendering most of my recordings unusable. I know intend to chop up the sounds and see if I can compose some musical soundtrack with them. 
